Opinionated Deployment Scripts (#403)
microsoft/kernel-memory: infra/readme.md

Reviewer: nit: rename to `README.md` for consistency with other readmes

# Deploying the infrastructure

You can deploy the Kernel Memory infrastructure to Azure by clicking the button below. This will create required resources. We recommend to create a new resource group for this deployment.

> Resource that deployed have an opinionated set of configurations. You can modify services on Azure portal or you can reuse Bicep file and provide your customisations `infra/main.bicep`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Resource that are deployed have an opinionated set of configurations. You can modify services in the Azure portal or you can reuse the Bicep file and provide your customizations in `infra/main.bicep`.
```

> Resource that deployed have an opinionated set of configurations. You can modify services on Azure portal or you can reuse Bicep file and provide your customisations `infra/main.bicep`.

Reviewer: The comment suggests to edit the bicep file, but the link points to the json file. Is it possible to change the link and point it to the bicep file? Otherwise we should include instructions about how to make changes and rebuild the JSON file.

[![Deploy to Azure](https://aka.ms/deploytoazurebutton)](https://portal.azure.com/#create/Microsoft.Template/uri/https%3A%2F%2Fraw.githubusercontent.com%2Fcherchyk%2Fkernel-memory%2Fdeploy2azure%2Finfra%2Fmain.json)

After deployment is completed, you will see the following resources in your resource group:

- Application Insights
- Container Apps Environment
- Log Analytics workspace
- Search service
- Container App
- Managed Identity
- Storage account

You can start using Kernel Memory immediately after deployment. Use `Application Url` from Container App as Kernel Memory's endpoint. Default API Keys are: `KernelMemoryServiceAuthorizationAccessKey1` and `KernelMemoryServiceAuthorizationAccessKey2`.

> > It is highly important to change the default API keys after deployment. You can do this by updating the `KernelMemory__ServiceAuthorization__AccessKey1` and `KernelMemory__ServiceAuthorization__AccessKey2` Environment Variables for the deployed Container App.

Reviewer: I would expand here, explaining where to find the API keys, e.g. how to find the env vars

> Here is an example of how to create a MemoryWebClient and start using Kernel Memory:

Reviewer: nit: You could also include some notes about how to test with swagger explorer.

```csharp

> var memory = new MemoryWebClient("https://km-service-example.example.azurecontainerapps.io", apiKey: "KernelMemoryServiceAuthorizationAccessKey1");
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
var memory = new MemoryWebClient("https://km-service-example.example.azurecontainerapps.io", apiKey: "KernelMemoryServiceAuthorizationAccessKey1");
```
